going into the stem fields to not required by any means the degree of
collegiate degree like a bachelor's degree if you're going to have a
career in civilian life or a career in the military though there will
be a lot of pressure on you to get a degree maybe just an associate's
degree when you get out of high school maybe pick up your associate's
degree after a few years in the service or in civilian life but
some kind of an indication that your discipline to get along with
people you follow the rules and you can get where you're going will
stand you in good stead it won't necessarily make you a better scientist
you can learn the science on your own you can work out the math
on your own you can learn how to program on your program I we knew
that I never had a course in computer science so those are things you
do on your own but the degree indicates well more than that it indicates
that Europe was program that means a lot two liter and once
you have attained that degree it will let you go much further than you
could without that degree and that's it to your social level the
bachelors level masters level where the doctoral level